Hello Kim,

Thank you for contacting Web Hosting Canada. 

Our team has identified a problem with Microsoft's receiving servers that appears to prevent emails from certain IP addresses, including your server.

We have confirmed that this problem appears to be isolated in Microsoft's incoming antispam system and is therefore treated as a bug in their platform.

We have submitted the incident to the Microsoft support team and the incident number in their system is: SR1473232316.

Although we hope this problem will be resolved soon, the response time now depends on their support team and once they have unlocked the IP or fixed their problem, the emails should begin to circulate.

If you prefer to try to work around this delivery problem by using a different IP address to send emails, we can configure your server to use another available IP address: 158.69.109.104

I could see that IP address 158.69.109.104 is currently free on your server and its not associated with any of the cPanel user accounts, so I'll be able to use this IP address as your mail server IP address.

Please confirm if you wish to use the IP address 158.69.109.104 as your mail server IP address so we can proceed further? 







The problem is with the shipping IP address 192.99.XX 
The full subnet is stuck at Hotmail since Thursday. We need to add another IP address to your server. With your permission, we will add an IP address on another subnet and we will change the sending IP address of your server.

Since you do not already have a second IP address the cost for the addition would be $ 2.50 / month; Do you want me to add it for you?


Hello Yannick,

It won't gonna impact anything on your server, but all of your outbound emails will get routed through the new IP address and you will be able to send an email to Hotmail without any issues.

Also, We will change the rDNS record for the new IP address from our end and you will need to only update the SPF records of your domains to include that IP address along with your default server IP address (192.99.63.151).

Would you like me to go ahead and switch the mail server IP address of your server to the different dedicated IP?

=============
It might be a change to hotmail algorithms or a reputation downgrade of an entire datacenter's range. We have already submitted the request, The issue should be resolved within 24 hours. I can change the outgoing sever IP. Please confirm if you would like to change it?

===============

Hi Gennaro,

Thanks for contacting Web Hosting Canada.

I have checked and found that your servers IP address : 192.99.6.53 is blacklisted by Microsoft due to which your emails are getting rejected.

I have now placed a delist request for IP "192.99.6.53" and it will take approximately 24 to 48 hours for the IP to get delisted.

If you would, we can switch your email routing to your additional IP address to avoid the blocking.

I remain at your disposal if you have any other questions.
-----------------
I would like to inform you that your IP address: 192.99.10.136 has been unblocked by Microsoft. I have switched email routing of your server back to the IP: 192.99.10.136. 

Please try to send emails and let us know if you are still facing the issue. 